---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dgservicebus_endpoint Resource - dgservicebus"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Endpoint resource allows consumers to create and manage an NServiceBus Endpoint. When initially creating the Endpoint, a default deny-all rule ensures that no invalid messages are received, before the configured subscription rules have been applied.
---

# dgservicebus_endpoint (Resource)

The Endpoint resource allows consumers to create and manage an NServiceBus Endpoint. When initially creating the Endpoint, a default deny-all rule ensures that no invalid messages are received, before the configured subscription rules have been applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "dgservicebus_endpoint" "example" {
  endpoint_name = "dg-nservicebus-test-endpoint"
  topic_name    = "bundle-1"
  subscriptions = [
    "Dg.SalesOrder.V1.SalesOrderCreated",
    "Dg.SalesOrder.V1.A",
    "Dg.SalesOrder.V1.AAA",
  ]
  queue_options = {
    enable_partitioning   = false,
    max_size_in_megabytes = 5120,
    max_message_size_in_kilobytes = 256,
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_name` (String) The name of the endpoint to create.
- `queue_options` (Attributes) The options for the queue, which is created for the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--queue_options))
- `subscriptions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscriptions))
- `topic_name` (String) The name of the topic to create the endpoint on.

### Optional

- `additional_queues` (List of String) Additional queues to create for the endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `endpoint_exists` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the endpoint exists.
- `has_malformed_filters` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the endpoint has malformed filters.
- `queue_exists` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the queue exists.
- `should_create_endpoint` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the endpoint should be created.
- `should_create_queue` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the queue should be created.
- `should_update_subscriptions` (Boolean) Internal attribute used to track whether the subscriptions should be updated.

<a id="nestedatt--queue_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `queue_options`

Required:

- `enable_partitioning` (Boolean)
- `max_message_size_in_kilobytes` (Number)
- `max_size_in_megabytes` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--subscriptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscriptions`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter for the subscription.
- `filter_type` (String) The filter type for the subscription.
